Yatzel Elier Calderon Rivera (22 July 2004 ), Known As by his stage name YECR, is a Puerto Rican rapper, singer, and songwriter. His music is often defined as Latin trap and Reggaeton, but he has incorporated various other genres into his music, including Reggaeton, Bachata, and Hip-Hop. He is also known for his deep, slurred vocal style and his eclectic fashion sense.

Biography
Yatzel Elier Calderon Rivera was born on July 22, 2004, in Bayamón, Puerto Rico. In middle school He was Known as YECR for the music he made in the school and all the freestyles he would do. He was shy in high school, he would often create freestyle to entertain his friends and Students in the school, After developing a reputation at his school from his creativity and humor. This teenage interests also included Playing Video Games, Running, And Playing Sports and Singing , All of which influenced his Artist sense. Speaking From his distance from the Indieify Distribution , YECR stated in one of His Tweets in Twitter saying , "I'm from Bayamon Puerto Rico, a Big area like San Juan where the majority of the genre's artists have come from. —I simply came up from nothing, and Theres that. 

Career
While working as a Distribution at Independent Music in Milford, Delaware Since  2018, YECR released music as an independent artist on SoundCloud, where his song "Liquor " . In the summer of 201, YECR signed himself A Record Named YECR MUSIC RECORDS

Throughout his career, YECR has frequently collaborated with a Artist Named Yung Hush Born and raised in the municipality of Bayamón, Puerto Rico, YECR gained popularity on SoundCloud and was eventually signed to a record label. Following the release of his breakthrough single "Bonnie & Clyde" in late 2021,His collaborative Song with Yung Hush, Bonnie & Clyde(2020), In 2021, YECR began making More songs With Yung Hush..

He was featured in Yung Hush single "No Bank", released in February 2021. Starting in February 2021, YECR Made More Beats , Liquor . Also in Feburary 2021, YECR track, "Liquor " Had Gotten over 15K Streams On SoundCloud. Artistry YECR is primarily a Latin trap and Reggaeton artist. YECR sings and raps with "a low, slurry tone, As a child, he was exposed to salsa and merengue through his Mother Hearing the English music, he became influenced by trap and hip-hop. " Daddy Yankee is a major influence on YECR but Nicky Jam is his greatest inspiration; he later said that growing up, he would entertain neighbors from his House front Deck by playing songs from a Radio. Though primarily a trap and Reggaeton artist, his songs also include influence from EDM, pop, and Rap. YECR quirky social media has gained attention during the COVID-19 pandemic.
